docs: Improve liquidity module spec for concepts, state, README (#378)
tendermint/liquidity: x/liquidity/spec/README.md

This document specifies the liquidity module of the Cosmos SDK that serves AMM (Automated Market Makers) style decentralized liquidity providing and coin swap functions.

> The module enables you to create a liquidity pool with a pair of coins, provide liquidity by depositing reserve coins into the pool, request withdrawal from the pool, and trade coins using the liquidity pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module enables you to create a liquidity pool with a pair of coins, deposit reserve coins into the pool to provide liquidity, request withdrawal from the pool, and trade coins using the liquidity pool.
```

Reviewer: to clarify, let's use an active verb for the awesome things the module does!

> This module is available in the Cosmos Hub and can be used by other blockchains that are based on Cosmos SDK.

Reviewer: hmmm, we need the "the"
is there a reason you removed? educate me! thank you

Author: I was hesitant to use "the" in front of "Cosmos SDK"

Author: I'll make the modification.
